It should be this one.
Well, with this list
It can be used as a gamble in Dongying
It's just that Dongying's underground casino is too secretive
Want to find out all
Still a little difficult
I went to those casinos during the previous game
I can write it down for you.
Good.
You write down the address of the underground casino for me.
I'll hand it over to Xie Danfen
But Tongtong is still in their hands
I'm afraid they will destroy the evidence
As soon as the arrests start, they're too busy
Then you will take advantage of your eyes
With transparency
Uncle, thank you
I was arrogant before
I want to defeat things with my own strength
Step by step, they fall into their trap
Without your help
I'm afraid
Where is it?
I am also a child of the Mo family
I can only watch helplessly through these villainous plates
We martial arts
Today is the beginning of Dongying's negative
Then I'll go back and cooperate with your arrest